a young couple gets kidnapped and
treated like farm animals after stopping
at a roadside diner to eat meat
welcome to total recaps today we will
explain a 2018 horror title the farm
take a seat and enjoy
nora and alec a los angeles couple get
disoriented while traveling across the
countryside
they come upon a way station and decide
to stop but it is closed
nora searches the rear for a bathroom
and discovers the ruins of a tent where
she discovers an abandoned wallet and
smartphone
she tosses the things aside and relieves
herself only a few feet away from a
human skull buried in the thick grass
nora returns to the vehicle and tells
alec about the abandoned can't be on the
way station alec is less bothered by the
finding and more concerned about the
car's low petrol tank later the pair
comes upon a lady whose vehicle has died
the lady accepts alex offer to
jump-start her vehicle
the lady asks nora whether she is
married to as alec leaves to bring the
vehicle and his wires over
nora says it's none of her concern which
irritates the older lady who accuses
nora of being reckless and insults the
pair
to the woman chagrin alec is unable to
repair the vehicle
nora instructs alec to go leaving the
lady behind the two stop at a restaurant
along the road for a lunch when alex
sees a male customer looking at them he
and his companion decide to leave
as nora approaches the door the guy
informs her that she is not safe here
nor dismisses his admonition and the
pair exits the restaurant nora believes
the guy was simply a weirdo but alec is
worried about him alec asked the cashier
for a place to stay when he stops at a
gas station to fill up the vehicle and
he is led to some rental cabins up the
road
nora is scared off by a rustic cottage
and first believes it is deserted when
she discovers it the sight of the
crooked-faced landlord astounds them
the landlord welcomes them warmly and
directs them to a cabin after learning
that they are seeking for a lodging he
and alex strike up a discussion but nora
is disturbed by the guy and cuts the
conversation short
norris hostility toward their host
irritates alec but his buddy senses
something is wrong with him the top bunk
bed in the room is blood stained which
the couple is unaware of the couple
retires to their beds at night
a guy in a sheep mask has been lurking
under the frame while they fall asleep
the masked guy emerges from under the
bed looming menacingly over the pair
nora wakes the following morning to find
herself in a wire dog kennel
panicked she tries to release herself
and summons alec a goat masked guy comes
and thumps her cage to make it quiet
nora takes a risk and looks outside her
cage for a rock
she squeezes her hand through the mesh
with difficulty grabs the rock and tries
to smash the lock on her cage with it
the goat man reappears accompanied by a
guy in a cow mask who pours a canister
over her head nora wakes up in a barn
her legs spread and tied to a chair when
a rabbit mask vet arrives she is
forcefully inseminated
nora is being dragged on a wagon back to
her prison where she observes other
masked men and women performing
different tasks
she even sees one butchering the body of
a man
she is taken to a farm and placed in a
stable alec wakes to find himself in a
cage stripped of his clothing and
restrained he is not alone he is with
other guys in a barn and watches in
terror as the masked men enter and begin
hitting two of the imprisoned men with a
hammer from the tops of their cages
after fastening them with a control rod
like animals
alec tries to fight back and escape
through the gap but he is knocked
unconscious
his corpse along with the bodies of the
other two guys is put onto a cart and
sent to a butcher the compound is shown
to be an agricultural commune populated
by quiet individuals wearing animal
masks
humans are the cattle males are
kidnapped and killed for meat while
women are reared for milk
the meat that is utilized to provide a
catering service for events such as
weddings
after receiving an order for additional
meat the landlord decides to utilize one
of the dairy animals the landlord
examines the production rates of
numerous caged lactating ladies in the
dairy barn before focusing his attention
to a mother and her baby he takes her
kid and weighs it before having his
henchmen crush the infant's head on the
ground and dragging the corpse away the
woman sobs frantically for her kid when
the landlord and his men depart
one of the commune members an extremely
slow-witted guy called andrew tries to
comfort her by speaking to her as if she
were a pet but she lashes out at him
calling him ill
he labels her a terrible person enraged
and wounded when one of the workers
arrives to check the dairy barn he
discovers andrew has murdered the lady
and informs the landlord he is
dissatisfied and instructs the others to
locate andrew nora finds another
prisoner a lady being milked by a
machine next to her stall and inquires
as to what is going on only to be told
that she doesn't want to know and that
there is no way out the lady reveals
that the proprietors of the
establishment had spied on her and alec
at a rest stop they had passed by
the lady confesses that she has been
kept at the farm for two years and has
been bred to the point where she is
unable to conceive and she is glad that
the ordeal will soon be over
when the lady hears another sobbing
voice she recognizes ashley another
two-year-old prisoner
nora attempts to reassure ashley by
saying that they will be able to flee in
another scene one of the masked guys
discovers andrew in the slaughterhouse
toying with a pair of severed heads
andrews begs for forgiveness and is
taken back to the landlord
andrew gets chastised by the landlord
for abandoning his position at the
petrol station and for fiddling with his
meal
andrew is assigned to one of the
farmhands and has him serve the
imprisoned guys their food however he
inadvertently tips the food pot forcing
him to flee in fear of punishment he
dashes to the greenhouse to get oregano
for the landlord in the kitchen who
gratefully takes it the chasing farmhand
enters to scold andrew and is
subsequently forced to care for the lady
who is unable to give milk nora quickly
sees the other lady being sliced and
killed in front of her eyes like meat
nora falls in despair as the butchers
depart only to be awakened by a knock at
her door
alec bloodied and dressed is discovered
to be alive
the two discreetly leave the stables
hoping to dodge the farmhands
nora helps an injured alec to a vehicle
as they walk across the property the
vehicle won't start so the two are
obliged to keep going in order to evade
one of the masked men
when the two arrive at a church they
discover that the faces of jesus and his
disciples have been changed with the
faces of farm animals a cow mascot walks
inside the church and momentarily prays
in a sea
the pair tries to slip away only to be
caught nora and alec escape but are
followed by the cowman who sounds a bell
alerting the rest of the farm
alec gets trapped in a bear trap while
running
nora attempts to free him but when she
sees the coming farmhands she is forced
to leave him alex skull gets smashed by
a boulder while he is at the mercy of
his captors nora hides behind a wall in
the mail barn just as andrew and the
landlord walk in
one of the male prisoners notices her
and quietly tells her to go hide
nora runs to his cell and demands to
know how he can leave the farm
with much reluctance the guy informs her
about a bus that the farmhands use to
carry their catch and the location of
the keys
nora walks to a parking area where many
vehicles are parked
when one of the masked men turns his
back on her she uses the chance to beat
his skull with a hammer
three masked individuals see her and run
after her
nora jumps into one of the vehicles and
drives over the barrier only to have it
run out of petrol
she is pursued across the grounds until
she returns to the stables and frees
ashley the two ladies make their way to
the bus only to discover that it lacks
keys
nora walks to the home mentioned by the
male prisoner and enters via the window
ladies go back to the bus with the keys
and successfully start it but the ladies
discover that the rear of the bus is now
occupied by the disguised individuals
who had been waiting for them in the
final scene we see the farm worker
sitting at the big table where nora and
ashley are served as a meal
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later